README.md, before:

## foo-bar element

`foo-bar` is a simple polymer element that demonstrates how the order of
attributes specified in a polymer element effects the result.

## Install

## Demo

To run the demo, run `gulp serve` from the project root and navigate to
http://localhost:5000/app/demo/ in your browser (the gulp `serve` task might
open the browser window for you, but in my case only opens the root dir, so
you need to append "app/demo/" to the path):

```bash
^C[pjl@pjl-ps: foo-bar]$ gulp serve
[16:48:51] Using gulpfile ~/code/foo-bar/gulpfile.js
[16:48:51] Starting 'styles'...
[16:48:52] Starting 'elements'...
[16:48:52] Starting 'images'...
[16:48:53] Finished 'styles' after 1.82 s
[16:48:53] Finished 'images' after 790 ms
[16:48:53] Finished 'elements' after 801 ms
[16:48:53] Starting 'serve'...
[16:48:53] Finished 'serve' after 68 ms
[PSK] Access URLs:
 -----------------------------------
       Local: http://localhost:5000
    External: http://10.40.6.54:5000
 -----------------------------------
          UI: http://localhost:3001
 UI External: http://10.40.6.54:3001
 -----------------------------------
[PSK] Serving files from: ./

```

## Description

Commit message:

Add install instructions to readme.

README.md, after:

## foo-bar element

`foo-bar` is a simple polymer element that demonstrates how the order of
attributes specified in a polymer element effects the result.

## Install

To install the dependencies, run `npm install` and `bower install`.

## Demo

To run the demo, run `gulp serve` from the project root and navigate to
[http://localhost:5000/app/demo/](http://localhost:5000/app/demo/)
in your browser (the gulp `serve` task might
open the browser window for you, but in my case only opens the root dir, so
you need to append "app/demo/" to the path):

```bash
^C[pjl@pjl-ps: foo-bar]$ gulp serve
[16:48:51] Using gulpfile ~/code/foo-bar/gulpfile.js
[16:48:51] Starting 'styles'...
[16:48:52] Starting 'elements'...
[16:48:52] Starting 'images'...
[16:48:53] Finished 'styles' after 1.82 s
[16:48:53] Finished 'images' after 790 ms
[16:48:53] Finished 'elements' after 801 ms
[16:48:53] Starting 'serve'...
[16:48:53] Finished 'serve' after 68 ms
[PSK] Access URLs:
 -----------------------------------
       Local: http://localhost:5000
    External: http://10.40.6.54:5000
 -----------------------------------
          UI: http://localhost:3001
 UI External: http://10.40.6.54:3001
 -----------------------------------
[PSK] Serving files from: ./

```

## Description
